1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?
- I picked Python as my language of choice for the coding exercises for a few reasons.
Firstly, Python is one the languages that I am proficient at and can come up with a solution
for the problem quickly. Moreover, it has a huge number of built-in data structures and libraries
I can utilize for this assignment to process and manipulate data. For example, Python's built-in
dictionary let me easily keep track of the balances for each payer and a list can be used to easily
store and sort the transactions by timestamp, which could be a bit more complicated using another language.
Last but not least, Python does not require a lot of setups and boilerplate which I would have to dealt
with if I had decided to use other languages like Java or JavaScript (in this case I have to use NodeJS).

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?
- One of the advantages of my solution is that it is very simple and easy to understand. It is written in
Python which has a very expressive and pseudo-code like syntax, which can help even people who are unfamiliar
with the language understand. There were also error handlings for the arguments to make sure the input arguments
are valid.
- A disadvantage I can think of is that it relies on the fact that the CSV file always has the same format with
the "payer","points","timestamp" header row.

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?
- My favorite personal project thus far is my full-stack web application called lol-draft-tool, which allowed
users to do drafting for the game League of Legends. Users also have to option to create their own account and
save the drafts that they created to use them later. The most challenging part was to get the drafting logic to
work in the frontend and make sure it works as intended since I had to figure out everything from scratch. Hosting
the application was also quite challenging as it was the first time I hosted a full-stack application and
there were quite a lot of configurations done to get the application working properly. The project really
taught me a lot about how a full-stack application works and how I can approach a project like this better
in the future.
